[[homework]] [[done]]

both subsistence and commercial agriculture face a complex challenges.



global agriculture system most food at lowest cost.

but it is causing long term damage.



global food trade, rapid increase in the 21 century.

ag exprots 448 billion

to 769 billion in 16 years.


increase food trade makes challenges


europe was the only major food importing region prior to ww2.

east asia and the formmer soviet union became net food importers in the 1950s.

food production could not keep up with the populous.

more export crops for sale.



Japan is the leading importer of food.


the united states is the leading exporter of grain.



from western hemisphere to eastern hemisphere.


the overall share of export by the USA has fallen sharply,

ag exports from the USA have increase, but LDC had more rapid increases.

ads
trade challenges for LDC's.

TO expand production subsistence farmers need higher yield seeds, fertilizer.

subsistence farmer lack money for materials form MDC's

LDC sell some manufactured goods, but mostly form the sale of crops in MDC.

Consumers pay high in areas with better climates.

women practice most of the subsistence agriculture.


men may work for wages growing crops or jobs.

women may make clothes, jewelry, baked goods.

governments in LDC have a dilemma, more land export crops less available crop for consumer.





Drug trade,
the export crops in LDCS,are those that can  be made into drugs.



cociane abuse is 18 million peolple worldwide. in north america mostly.


afghanistan is the source of nearly 90 percent of the worlds opium


Marijuana, is cultivated widely around the world, 182 million poeeple are estimated to be cannabis users.
