[[homework]] [[done]]

biotechnology to ag,

most challenging issues in contemporary agricalture is  if gmos should be planted.

farms have manipulate crops for 1000s of years.

stroger hartery seviorvers

Gentic modiffication marks a sharp break form the past thousand years.


the genes are altures


A GMO is a living organism that is modifyes useing biotech,

there are roundup-ready seeds.

a gmo mixes genetic material that woundn't in nature.

77% of soybeans,

genetic modifcation if common in the united states.

usages incread rapid in the 21 centery,

three fourths of the process food that americans consume has a least one genetically modifly ingerdents.

The United states urgaed developmenting countiers to increase the food suplies using geo's

there are higher yields,

genetically mod foods might taste betters.
but opssion is strong in afrrica.

health problems might make anitibiotics and disoty longstain ecologi

export problems they need GMos need to be lables.

europeans belive that gmos as bad not as nutritious

increased dependence on the uniteds stats.
african fear that there could be a terminator gene in the gmos seeds.

and injection anitbiotics to increase weight or grow faster.

might make super bugs in them, thus the practice in 2006 and 2017.




many countries require gmo labeling, the debate in the USA has been consider if gmo food should be labeled.


most countries other than the USA have signed agreement to ragulatte gmos. 

most USA consumers want to wait tell there is details to consider to consume gmos.

gmos might spook customers for health and safety.
the priivate secotr is increaseingly labeling gmo free products.

